Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBClient__get.txt

MongoDB\\Client::__get()
========================

.. meta::

>    :description: Access a database on the server using the `MongoDB\Client::__get()` method, which acts as an alias for `selectDatabase()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Access a database on the server with the MongoDB PHP Library, which acts as an alias for the selectDatabase() method.
```
